Account for project-onboarding renaming (#642)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: PROJECT_PROGRESSION.md

  
## Onboarding Checklist

> <!--If this checklist is updated please ensure `https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-status/blob/HEAD/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/00-project-onboarding-checklist-template.md` is updated as well -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!--If this checklist is updated please ensure `https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-status/blob/HEAD/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/00-project-onboarding-checklist-template.md` is updated as well -->
```

> <!--If this checklist is updated please ensure `https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-status/blob/master/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/00-project-onboarding-checklist-template.md` is updated as well -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--If this checklist is updated please ensure `https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-status/blob/HEAD/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/00-project-onboarding-checklist-template.md` is updated as well -->
might as well avoid a future link edit too :-)
```
